UNIT FILE                                  STATE    
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static   
-.mount                                    generated
boot.mount                                 generated
dev-hugepages.mount                        static   
dev-mqueue.mount                           static   
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static   
run-vmblock\x2dfuse.mount                  disabled 
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static   
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static   
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static   
tmp.mount                                  disabled 
var-lib-machines.mount                     static   
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount               static   
cups.path                                  enabled  
insights-client-results.path               enabled  
ostree-finalize-staged.path                disabled 
pmfind.path                                disabled 
pmie_check.path                            disabled 
pmlogger_check.path                        disabled 
systemd-ask-password********.path          static   
systemd-ask-password********.path         static   
systemd-ask-password********.path             static   
session-2.scope                            transient
session-c1.scope                           transient
abrt-ccpp.service                          disabled 
abrt-journal-core.service                  enabled  
abrt-oops.service                          enabled  
abrt-pstoreoops.service                    disabled 
abrt-vmcore.service                        enabled  
abrt-xorg.service                          enabled  
abrtd.service                              enabled  
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled  
alsa-restore.service                       static   
alsa-state.service                         static   
anaconda-direct.service                    static   
anaconda-fips.service                      static   
anaconda-nm-config.service                 static   
anaconda-noshell.service                   static   
anaconda-pre.service                       static   
anaconda-shell@.service                    static   
anaconda-sshd.service                      static   
anaconda-tmux@.service                     static   
anaconda.service                           static   
arp-ethers.service                         disabled 
atd.service                                enabled  
auditd.service                             enabled  
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static   
autofs.service                             disabled 
autovt@.service                            enabled  
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled  
blivet.service                             static   
blk-availability.service                   disabled 
bluetooth.service                          enabled  
bolt.service                               static   
brltty.service                             disabled 
btattach-bcm@.service                      static   
canberra-system-bootup.service             disabled 
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service    disabled 
canberra-system-shutdown.service           disabled 
cgdcbxd.service                            disabled 
chrony-dnssrv@.service                     static   
chrony-wait.service                        disabled 
chronyd.service                            enabled  
cockpit-motd.service                       static   
cockpit-wsinstance-http-redirect.service   static   
cockpit-wsinstance-http.service            static   
cockpit-wsinstance-https-factory@.service  static   
cockpit-wsinstance-https@.service          static   
cockpit.service                            static   
colord.service                             static   
configure-printer@.service                 static   
console-getty.service                      disabled 
container-getty@.service                   static   
cpupower.service                           disabled 
crond.service                              enabled  
cups-browsed.service                       disabled 
cups.service                               enabled  
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled  
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service  enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service       static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service      static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.portable1.service     static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     enabled  
dbus.service                               static   
debug-shell.service                        disabled 
display-manager.service                    enabled  
dm-event.service                           static   
dnf-makecache.service                      static   
dnsmasq.service                            disabled 
dovecot-init.service                       static   
dovecot.service                            disabled 
dracut-cmdline.service                     static   
dracut-initqueue.service                   static   
dracut-mount.service                       static   
dracut-pre-mount.service                   static   
dracut-pre-pivot.service                   static   
dracut-pre-trigger.service                 static   
dracut-pre-udev.service                    static   
dracut-shutdown.service                    static   
ebtables.service                           disabled 
emergency.service                          static   
fancontrol.service                         disabled 
fcoe.service                               disabled 
firewalld.service                          enabled  
flatpak-system-helper.service              static   
fprintd.service                            static   
fstrim.service                             static   
fwupd-offline-update.service               static   
fwupd-refresh.service                      static   
fwupd.service                              static   
gdm.service                                enabled  
geoclue.service                            static   
getty@.service                             enabled  
grafana-server.service                     disabled 
grub-boot-indeterminate.service            static   
gssproxy.service                           disabled 
halt-local.service                         static   
htcacheclean.service                       static   
httpd-init.service                         static   
httpd.service                              disabled 
httpd@.service                             disabled 
hypervfcopyd.service                       static   
hypervkvpd.service                         static   
hypervvssd.service                         static   
ibacm.service                              disabled 
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static   
import-state.service                       enabled  
initial-setup-reconfiguration.service      disabled 
initial-setup.service                      disabled 
initrd-cleanup.service                     static   
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static   
initrd-switch-root.service                 static   
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static   
insights-client-results.service            static   
insights-client.service                    static   
instperf.service                           static   
io.podman.service                          disabled 
iprdump.service                            disabled 
iprinit.service                            disabled 
iprupdate.service                          disabled 
irqbalance.service                         enabled  
iscsi-onboot.service                       enabled  
iscsi-shutdown.service                     static   
iscsi.service                              enabled  
iscsid.service                             disabled 
iscsiuio.service                           disabled 
iwpmd.service                              static   
kdump.service                              enabled  
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static   
kpatch.service                             disabled 
ksm.service                                enabled  
ksmtuned.service                           enabled  
ldconfig.service                           static   
ledmon.service                             disabled 
libstoragemgmt.service                     enabled  
libvirt-guests.service                     disabled 
libvirtd.service                           enabled  
lldpad.service                             disabled 
lm_sensors.service                         enabled  
loadmodules.service                        enabled  
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                      static   
lvm2-monitor.service                       enabled  
lvm2-pvscan@.service                       static   
man-db-cache-update.service                static   
mcelog.service                             enabled  
mdadm-grow-continue@.service               static   
mdadm-last-resort@.service                 static   
mdcheck_continue.service                   static   
mdcheck_start.service                      static   
mdmon@.service                             static   
mdmonitor-oneshot.service                  static   
mdmonitor.service                          enabled  
messagebus.service                         static   
microcode.service                          enabled  
mlocate-updatedb.service                   static   
ModemManager.service                       enabled  
multipathd.service                         enabled  
ndctl-monitor.service                      disabled 
netcf-transaction.service                  disabled 
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled  
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled  
NetworkManager.service                     enabled  
nfs-blkmap.service                         disabled 
nfs-convert.service                        enabled  
nfs-idmapd.service                         static   
nfs-mountd.service                         static   
nfs-server.service                         disabled 
nfs-utils.service                          static   
nfsdcld.service                            static   
nftables.service                           disabled 
nis-domainname.service                     disabled 
nmb.service                                disabled 
numad.service                              disabled 
oddjobd.service                            disabled 
ostree-finalize-staged.service             static   
ostree-prepare-root.service                static   
ostree-remount.service                     enabled  
packagekit-offline-update.service          static   
packagekit.service                         static   
plymouth-halt.service                      static   
plymouth-kexec.service                     static   
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static   
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static   
plymouth-quit.service                      static   
plymouth-read-write.service                static   
plymouth-reboot.service                    static   
plymouth-start.service                     static   
plymouth-switch-root-initramfs.service     static   
plymouth-switch-root.service               static   
pmcd.service                               enabled  
pmfind.service                             disabled 
pmie.service                               enabled  
pmie_check.service                         disabled 
pmie_daily.service                         static   
pmlogger.service                           enabled  
pmlogger_check.service                     disabled 
pmlogger_daily-poll.service                static   
pmlogger_daily.service                     static   
pmlogger_daily_report-poll.service         disabled 
pmlogger_daily_report.service              disabled 
pmmgr.service                              disabled 
pmproxy.service                            disabled 
podman.service                             static   
polkit.service                             static   
postfix.service                            disabled 
powertop.service                           disabled 
psacct.service                             disabled 
qemu-guest-agent.service                   disabled 
qemu-pr-helper.service                     static   
quotaon.service                            static   
radvd.service                              disabled 
ras-mc-ctl.service                         disabled 
rasdaemon.service                          disabled 
rc-local.service                           static   
rdisc.service                              disabled 
rdma-load-modules@.service                 static   
rdma-ndd.service                           static   
rdma.service                               disabled 
realmd.service                             static   
rescue.service                             static   
rhnsd.service                              disabled 
rhsm-facts.service                         disabled 
rhsm.service                               disabled 
rhsmcertd.service                          enabled  
rngd-wake-threshold.service                disabled 
rngd.service                               enabled  
rpc-gssd.service                           static   
rpc-statd-notify.service                   static   
rpc-statd.service                          static   
rpcbind.service                            enabled  
rrdcached.service                          disabled 
rsyslog.service                            enabled  
rtkit-daemon.service                       enabled  
sa-update.service                          static   
saslauthd.service                          disabled 
selinux-autorelabel-mark.service           enabled  
selinux-autorelabel.service                static   
serial-getty@.service                      disabled 
smartd.service                             enabled  
smb.service                                disabled 
snmpd.service                              disabled 
snmptrapd.service                          disabled 
spamassassin.service                       disabled 
speech-dispatcherd.service                 disabled 
spice-vdagentd.service                     indirect 
srp_daemon.service                         disabled 
srp_daemon_port@.service                   disabled 
sshd-keygen@.service                       disabled 
sshd.service                               enabled  
sshd@.service                              static   
sssd-autofs.service                        indirect 
sssd-kcm.service                           indirect 
sssd-nss.service                           indirect 
sssd-pac.service                           indirect 
sssd-pam.service                           indirect 
sssd-ssh.service                           indirect 
sssd-sudo.service                          indirect 
sssd.service                               enabled  
switcheroo-control.service                 disabled 
syslog.service                             enabled  
sysstat-collect.service                    static   
sysstat-summary.service                    static   
sysstat.service                            enabled  
system-update-cleanup.service              static   
systemd-ask-password********.service       static   
systemd-ask-password********.service      static   
systemd-ask-password********.service          static   
systemd-backlight@.service                 static   
systemd-binfmt.service                     static   
systemd-coredump@.service                  static   
systemd-exit.service                       static   
systemd-firstboot.service                  static   
systemd-fsck-root.service                  static   
systemd-fsck@.service                      static   
systemd-halt.service                       static   
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static   
systemd-hibernate.service                  static   
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static   
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static   
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static   
systemd-importd.service                    static   
systemd-initctl.service                    static   
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service     static   
systemd-journal-flush.service              static   
systemd-journald.service                   static   
systemd-kexec.service                      static   
systemd-localed.service                    static   
systemd-logind.service                     static   
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static   
systemd-machined.service                   static   
systemd-modules-load.service               static   
systemd-nspawn@.service                    disabled 
systemd-portabled.service                  static   
systemd-poweroff.service                   static   
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static   
systemd-random-seed.service                static   
systemd-reboot.service                     static   
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static   
systemd-resolved.service                   disabled 
systemd-rfkill.service                     static   
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static   
systemd-suspend.service                    static   
systemd-sysctl.service                     static   
systemd-sysusers.service                   static   
systemd-timedated.service                  masked   
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static   
systemd-udev-settle.service                static   
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static   
systemd-udevd.service                      static   
systemd-update-done.service                static   
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static   
systemd-update-utmp.service                static   
systemd-user-sessions.service              static   
systemd-vconsole-setup.service             static   
systemd-volatile-root.service              static   
target.service                             disabled 
targetclid.service                         disabled 
tcsd.service                               disabled 
teamd@.service                             static   
timedatex.service                          enabled  
tog-pegasus.service                        disabled 
trace-cmd.service                          disabled 
tuned.service                              enabled  
udisks2.service                            enabled  
unbound-anchor.service                     static   
upower.service                             disabled 
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static   
usbmuxd.service                            static   
user-runtime-dir@.service                  static   
user@.service                              static   
vdo-start-by-dev@.service                  static   
vdo.service                                enabled  
vgauthd.service                            enabled  
virtinterfaced.service                     disabled 
virtlockd.service                          indirect 
virtlogd.service                           indirect 
virtnetworkd.service                       disabled 
virtnodedevd.service                       disabled 
virtnwfilterd.service                      disabled 
virtproxyd.service                         disabled 
virtqemud.service                          disabled 
virtsecretd.service                        disabled 
virtstoraged.service                       disabled 
vmtoolsd.service                           enabled  
vsftpd.service                             disabled 
vsftpd@.service                            indirect 
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static   
wpa_supplicant.service                     disabled 
zram.service                               static   
machine.slice                              static   
system-cockpithttps.slice                  static   
user.slice                                 static   
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled  
cockpit-wsinstance-http-redirect.socket    static   
cockpit-wsinstance-http.socket             static   
cockpit-wsinstance-https-factory.socket    static   
cockpit-wsinstance-https@.socket           static   
cockpit.socket                             disabled 
cups.socket                                enabled  
dbus.socket                                static   
dm-event.socket                            enabled  
dovecot.socket                             disabled 
httpd.socket                               disabled 
ibacm.socket                               disabled 
io.podman.socket                           disabled 
iscsid.socket                              enabled  
iscsiuio.socket                            enabled  
libvirtd-admin.socket                      disabled 
libvirtd-ro.socket                         enabled  
libvirtd-tcp.socket                        disabled 
libvirtd-tls.socket                        disabled 
libvirtd.socket                            enabled  
lldpad.socket                              disabled 
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                       enabled  
multipathd.socket                          enabled  
podman.socket                              disabled 
qemu-pr-helper.socket                      disabled 
rpcbind.socket                             enabled  
rrdcached.socket                           disabled 
spice-vdagentd.socket                      static   
sshd.socket                                disabled 
sssd-autofs.socket                         disabled 
sssd-kcm.socket                            enabled  
sssd-nss.socket                            disabled 
sssd-pac.socket                            disabled 
sssd-pam-priv.socket                       disabled 
sssd-pam.socket                            disabled 
sssd-ssh.socket                            disabled 
sssd-sudo.socket                           disabled 
syslog.socket                              static   
systemd-coredump.socket                    static   
systemd-initctl.socket                     static   
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static   
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static   
systemd-journald.socket                    static   
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static   
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static   
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static   
targetclid.socket                          disabled 
virtinterfaced-admin.socket                disabled 
virtinterfaced-ro.socket                   disabled 
virtinterfaced.socket                      disabled 
virtlockd-admin.socket                     disabled 
virtlockd.socket                           enabled  
virtlogd-admin.socket                      disabled 
virtlogd.socket                            enabled  
virtnetworkd-admin.socket                  disabled 
virtnetworkd-ro.socket                     disabled 
virtnetworkd.socket                        disabled 
virtnodedevd-admin.socket                  disabled 
virtnodedevd-ro.socket                     disabled 
virtnodedevd.socket                        disabled 
virtnwfilterd-admin.socket                 disabled 
virtnwfilterd-ro.socket                    disabled 
virtnwfilterd.socket                       disabled 
virtproxyd-admin.socket                    disabled 
virtproxyd-ro.socket                       disabled 
virtproxyd-tcp.socket                      disabled 
virtproxyd-tls.socket                      disabled 
virtproxyd.socket                          disabled 
virtqemud-admin.socket                     disabled 
virtqemud-ro.socket                        disabled 
virtqemud.socket                           disabled 
virtsecretd-admin.socket                   disabled 
virtsecretd-ro.socket                      disabled 
virtsecretd.socket                         disabled 
virtstoraged-admin.socket                  disabled 
virtstoraged-ro.socket                     disabled 
virtstoraged.socket                        disabled 
dev-mapper-rhel\x2dswap.swap               generated
anaconda.target                            static   
basic.target                               static   
bluetooth.target                           static   
boot-complete.target                       static   
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static   
cryptsetup.target                          static   
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled 
default.target                             indirect 
emergency.target                           static   
exit.target                                disabled 
final.target                               static   
getty-pre.target                           static   
getty.target                               static   
graphical.target                           indirect 
halt.target                                disabled 
hibernate.target                           static   
hybrid-sleep.target                        static   
initrd-fs.target                           static   
initrd-root-device.target                  static   
initrd-root-fs.target                      static   
initrd-switch-root.target                  static   
initrd.target                              static   
iprutils.target                            disabled 
kexec.target                               disabled 
local-fs-pre.target                        static   
local-fs.target                            static   
machines.target                            disabled 
multi-user.target                          static   
network-online.target                      static   
network-pre.target                         static   
network.target                             static   
nfs-client.target                          enabled  
nss-lookup.target                          static   
nss-user-lookup.target                     static   
paths.target                               static   
poweroff.target                            disabled 
printer.target                             static   
rdma-hw.target                             static   
reboot.target                              disabled 
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled 
remote-fs-pre.target                       static   
remote-fs.target                           enabled  
rescue.target                              static   
rpc_pipefs.target                          static   
rpcbind.target                             static   
runlevel0.target                           disabled 
runlevel1.target                           static   
runlevel2.target                           static   
runlevel3.target                           static   
runlevel4.target                           static   
runlevel5.target                           indirect 
runlevel6.target                           disabled 
selinux-autorelabel.target                 static   
shutdown.target                            static   
sigpwr.target                              static   
sleep.target                               static   
slices.target                              static   
smartcard.target                           static   
sockets.target                             static   
sound.target                               static   
sshd-keygen.target                         static   
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static   
suspend.target                             static   
swap.target                                static   
sysinit.target                             static   
system-update-pre.target                   static   
system-update.target                       static   
time-sync.target                           static   
timers.target                              static   
umount.target                              static   
virt-guest-shutdown.target                 static   
vsftpd.target                              disabled 
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                       disabled 
dnf-makecache.timer                        enabled  
fstrim.timer                               disabled 
fwupd-refresh.timer                        disabled 
insights-client.timer                      enabled  
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                   static   
mdcheck_continue.timer                     disabled 
mdcheck_start.timer                        disabled 
mdmonitor-oneshot.timer                    disabled 
mlocate-updatedb.timer                     disabled 
pmfind.timer                               disabled 
pmie_check.timer                           disabled 
pmie_daily.timer                           disabled 
pmlogger_check.timer                       disabled 
pmlogger_daily-poll.timer                  disabled 
pmlogger_daily.timer                       disabled 
pmlogger_daily_report-poll.timer           disabled 
pmlogger_daily_report.timer                disabled 
sa-update.timer                            disabled 
sysstat-collect.timer                      enabled  
sysstat-summary.timer                      enabled  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static   
unbound-anchor.timer                       enabled  

554 unit files listed.
